README.md, before:

# Awesome Social Impact [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)
Do you want to use your skills to change the world but do not know where to start? Here's a curated list of social impact projects to help you out. :-) (smiley face)

# Table of contents
* [Open Source Projects](#open-source-projects)
* [Companies](#companies)
* [Initiatives](#initiatives)

## Open Source Projects
- [CaronaBoard](https://github.com/CaronaBoard) - (PT-BR) An app that connects drivers with people that can take a lift.
- [Miracle](https://github.com/OtavioRMachado/miracle-site) – Making it easier to help out people in need.
- [Serenata de Amor](https://github.com/okfn-brasil/serenata-de-amor) – Artificial Intelligence for social control of public administration.
- [Vamos Juntas?](https://github.com/VamosJuntas) – (PT-BR) Bringing women together.

## Companies
- [HumanDX](https://www.humandx.org/) – a worldwide effort created with and led by the global medical community to build an online system that maps the best steps to help any patient.

## Initiatives

- [Django Girls](https://djangogirls.org/) – Django Girls organize free Python and Django workshops, create open sourced online tutorials and curate amazing first experiences with technology.
- [Rails Girls](http://railsgirls.com/) – gives tools and a community for women to understand technology and to build their ideas. We do this by providing a great experience on building things and by making technology more approachable.
- [AfroPython](http://afropython.org/) – (PT-BR) AfroPython is a programming workshop that has aims to encourage black people to be a part of IT, even though it is not made only for black people.

# More
See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for info on how to contribute to this list.

Commit message:

Adds Black Girls Code initiative

README.md, after:

# Awesome Social Impact [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)
Do you want to use your skills to change the world but do not know where to start? Here's a curated list of social impact projects to help you out. :-) (smiley face)

# Table of contents
* [Open Source Projects](#open-source-projects)
* [Companies](#companies)
* [Initiatives](#initiatives)

## Open Source Projects
- [CaronaBoard](https://github.com/CaronaBoard) - (PT-BR) An app that connects drivers with people that can take a lift.
- [Miracle](https://github.com/OtavioRMachado/miracle-site) – Making it easier to help out people in need.
- [Serenata de Amor](https://github.com/okfn-brasil/serenata-de-amor) – Artificial Intelligence for social control of public administration.
- [Vamos Juntas?](https://github.com/VamosJuntas) – (PT-BR) Bringing women together.

## Companies
- [HumanDX](https://www.humandx.org/) – a worldwide effort created with and led by the global medical community to build an online system that maps the best steps to help any patient.

## Initiatives

- [Django Girls](https://djangogirls.org/) – Django Girls organize free Python and Django workshops, create open sourced online tutorials and curate amazing first experiences with technology.
- [Rails Girls](http://railsgirls.com/) – gives tools and a community for women to understand technology and to build their ideas. We do this by providing a great experience on building things and by making technology more approachable.
- [AfroPython](http://afropython.org/) – (PT-BR) AfroPython is a programming workshop that has aims to encourage black people to be a part of IT, even though it is not made only for black people.
- [Black Girls Code](http://www.blackgirlscode.com/) - Black Girls CODE is devoted to showing the world that black girls can code, and do so much more. By reaching out to the community through workshops and after school programs, Black Girls CODE introduces computer coding lessons to young girls from underrepresented communities in programming languages such as Scratch or Ruby on Rails. 

# More
See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for info on how to contribute to this list.
